minor edits to clarify language in first_release (#2546)
nf-core/website: src/content/docs/tutorials/adding_a_pipeline/first_release.md

## Reset the default branch

When the code is stable and ready for a release, set the default branch to `master`.

## Bump the version

Use `nf-core bump-version` to increment the version number on the `dev` branch to remove
the `dev` suffix.

When developing the pipeline, the version numbers should be numeric with `dev` at the end,
e.g. `0.0.0dev`. When making a release, version numbers should all be numeric. Pipeline
release numbers MUST use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

> :::note
> Use the `nf-core bump-version` command to increment the version numbers. The version number
> exists in many places in the codebase, and this tool consistently updates all of them.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
Instead of manually changing the version number, use the `nf-core bump-version` command to increment the version numbers. The version number
exists in many places in the codebase, and this tool consistently updates all of them.
:::
```

Reviewer 2: Feel like this is more of a tip than a warning? I mean, you _can_ update them all manually if you want. Linting should fail if you mess it up I think..

```suggestion
:::tip
Instead of manually changing the version number, use the `nf-core bump-version` command to increment the version numbers. The version number
exists in many places in the codebase, and this tool consistently updates all of them.
:::
```
